yes
of bits starts at year 87 and from that
moment we start with this tribute to
the beatles that we were lucky enough to
represent it in different countries as
in england where we were assigned
best beatle band in the world of all
these years we went to it by shelling the
things to conform that we are
let's warn contemporaries
so
in moments in shows is different
the band had a beatle band dresses
like them and there plays in a turkey not
they deserve the songs of the beatles
us a theatrical show and we're going
showing all the evolution of the
videos is an audiovisual story in
alive
s
same
once
we have the entire complete collection of
the guitars used in the basses the
battery the teams know they are the
box amplifiers or I liked the
videos that also helps create the
sound of the 22
how they sounded, it helps us to be able to
achieve that sound well
s
you see
one year we always try to reproduce
the arrangements that they represented in
his discography and respect the current
they were recorded sound is pure weak
they pay me
when choosing a repertoire is very
difficult for a record because good all
the topics we obviously like we try
of great themes that for us are a
personal challenge because they are very
difficult to record
without more
That I leave
if this disc taiwan 7 or 8 months ago
what we are presenting is the third
in the previous you can we had a
song recorded in the mythical studio
abbey road number 2 that where the
beatles recorded all their albums because
when one enters well that chill of
say good were these guys here or
be creating a chapter of history
with the instruments that were theirs
the pianos are the same microphones
let's say the same as if here john song
lennon equal or for a whole emotion
ah